the racket as fast as possible so that they will become
but 15
with this launch and logical has sold has already got
decrease
that matter
this output totally out of control
I wish and announced new multiple uses
madrid / london the mission
but I think this game knowing that arises
Captain
min the french of copa davis
from the chain the chain
Europeans because
two
while the French
ask the transports
had to return to rafa against the saturday and to run back has not
left
monfils
weeks ago
that leaves the well-known actress is a little bit too high or goal scorer is
they stay and complicated
in all cases it is a football player so but at the same time recognizes
that an important consensus person near
and as high and as long as the French antivirals
only 23 thousand women
blame the rest
dudek balestrini in theaters is
his famous windshield
that is the corner
review some 30 to 40 here we have the first match ball the first
golf match
Rafael Nadal
point to get
his third victory in Madrid's mutual
madrid open
in attack the Nazi soldiers totally desperate and overwhelmed
is dedicated to commit a double fault so said the game equally successful
for the aforementioned rafa
the resolution of this meeting that has had the bcb scoreboard of 6 1
6 3 in hours and 17 minutes San Lorenzo will travel to Brazil to do
the victory of rafa
serious
rafa that every day is better
with a great level
we will not be able to see a great match
of transition tonight
All rights reserved
the immediate consequence
in this edition of Madrid madrid open mutual
this year
2010 will also have
finalist
in Spanish because tomorrow in the semifinals they will face
almagro who has defeated melzer in his party he cared spurs 6 3 6 1
just defeated
ap monfils
for that is yours
6 to three this season gijón 17 minutes
We have been the most complete match
I do not know if the most political party of race
because before
vendo opposition spent one hour and 26 minutes and before isner here
27 minutes this has been the game and they want it
one hour and 17 minutes of the shortest match of rafah and the seventh with two
games that have yielded
the spanish player